Now, you may be wondering how and when to use all these sweet defend moves when you're traveling.
And my answer is basically whenever and if ever you feel the need for them.
Of course, keeping in mind all we've learned about your awareness, your other escape options and your
boundaries, including the legal ones when it comes to travel safety, I say, do what you got to do.
If you find yourself in danger and you cannot escape, then by all means use all of the means at your
disposal to defend yourself until you can get away to safety.
Remember, that is the most important part.
Getting a way to safety do whatever it takes with whatever you can get your hands on and whatever words
of warning and boundary setting and calling for help as you can muster, but only up until the point
when you can get away to safety and no further.
Or you might find yourself in even deeper trouble.
That is legally and when you're in an unfamiliar city or country, that can prove quite the sticky situation.
And that is extra drama you do not need.
But don't let these words of warning hold you back from fighting back if it comes down to it.
Definitely defend yourself, turn your fear into fury and do what you've got to do to survive.
I've been there too, so I get it.
You won't get any judgment here.
Plenty of advice and self-defense training, sure, but no judgment.
That's how we do it here at Tough Cookie and we tough cookies stick together no matter where in the
world we may roam.